well howdy there internet people let's
bow again so tonight we're gonna talk
about a couple of different incidents
but they all share a common theme a very
common theme and they all create the
same problem down the road
it's very talented it's very interesting
as we think that we have moved so far as
a society so a kindergarten
kindergartner in Minnesota at Hugo
elementary was forced to change clothes
she had to put on a t-shirt because well
the straps on her sundress were too thin
that little kindergarten now the
standard line when it comes to
regulating girls dress at school is
always that well it's a distraction to
the boys as if the boys having a lack of
self-control is somehow their fault and
their responsibility to correct because
well you know are you asking for it and
boys will be boys but the thing is this
is kindergarten kindergarten I'm fairly
certain that girls are still icky at
this point in time I mean you know it's
been a while but I'm pretty sure that's
true
so if it was a distraction to anybody
there well it would have been staff I
think a much better use of time would be
finding and identifying those staff
members that might have that kind of
issue and getting rid of them rather
than humiliating a kindergartner over
the way she's dressed that's ridiculous
then we have another incident in Houston
Madison hi well she couldn't be on
campus and the funny part about it was
it was a parent not a student she's
coming to enroll her child but she had a
Marilyn Monroe t-shirt on that was long
and I guess shorts or a skirt underneath
it and the shirt itself hung to her
fingertips but that was just an
appropriate well she also had a head
scarf on and we know we can't have women
you know doing anything that might
express any form of identity of their
own any form of ethnic heritage or
anything like that can't have any of
that she had to leave she had go once
again she was enrolling her student her
child in the school which means she
would have been in the administration
office so once again you're not a
distraction to the boys which is always
the cop out
staff I guess maybe teachers just can't
control themselves maybe we shouldn't
have metals in schools only have female
teachers because apparently there's an
issue they just can't control themselves
and then we're not even consistent in
this ideal because a federal court in
North Carolina just had to rule that no
you can't make girls wear skirts when
boys gonna wear pants we're not even
consistent in it because it's not about
consistency it's not about any real
reason it's simply making sure that
women stay in their place and understand
that they are going to be regulated
right down to the way they dress and go
ahead that's the it states go ahead and
complain about Sharia law
well that skirt is too short no you have
to wear a skirt but not that one then we
wonder why young women today have issues
with identity have issues with
self-esteem and confidence well maybe we
should start letting them make decisions
for themselves that might help in that
process if your entire life you've
regulated down to what you wear and how
you present yourself to society at large
how can you expect them to have any
identity of their own of course maybe
that's the point then I waited an entire
week to bring up this next one because I
was certain there was gonna be an outcry
just outrage all over the country
because there was when it was in theory
I mean this is a little different but
you know during that whole trans
bathroom thing there were and then all
over the country saying you know I ever
saw a man go into the girls bathroom I
beat him to death okay so to high school
in Alaska a girl transitioning to a boy
using the boy's bathroom okay well some
of the boys didn't like this and
actually as it turns out it's actually
one of the boys stepdads or dad foster
fathers something like that they'd have
a real issue with it and kind of
encouraged his son to handle it so he
gathered group of boys and went into the
girls restroom not because of any
identity that he may have just because
well he didn't like it we
is everybody has to be regulated now
there was girl in the bathroom and
according to reports well he wouldn't
let her leave
Wow
that sounds like a crime actually she
need him she kneed him in the groin and
guess who got punished
she did she did while fathers all over
the country we're saying that I mean
this is a capital offense when it
actually happens because it's not a
trans person doing it's just boys being
boys well she can't do that she needs to
be punished we can't let them get out of
place right they have to be regulated
controlled is there
our charge we have to take care of them
they're the fairer sex property
and for the record now my daughter is
too young to have had this conversation
with yet but I can promise you it's some
young boy attempts to keep her in a
bathroom
she had a whole lot more than me him but
yeah she ends up getting punished
because we are not consistent as a
society we can't have women standing up
for themselves again they might develop
an identity of some sort you cannot
complain or even pretend to care about
many of the issues that are facing young
women today and remove any chance of
them developing confidence and an
identity of their own and self-reliance
and all these things
you can't and it starts in kindergarten
from the very beginning oh don't wear
that you might provoke a reaction in
kindergarten from the very beginning
it's always their fault and that
incident velasca the the response was
that she should have contacted a a
school official
according to reports he wouldn't let her
leave how was she supposed to do that
assertiveness it is something that is uh
lacking a lot of young women today and
this is why you wonder why women have a
problem when speaking up for themselves
when when twin men step in and try to
explain things to them they know or
basically just be patronizing that's why
oh no don't stop someone from falsely
imprisoning you you just suffered
through it and wait and they get someone
else to take care of before you get
there little lady but again no outright
oh no I'll cry no outrage not it's
almost like it really wasn't about
protecting your doggers it was about
being a bigot
anyway it's just a fault now I have a
good night